
1) added ability for skills to register lists of subjects and verbs
this solves the problem of aliasing. sva_base.py will now range
over the two lists and register multiple intents. the user could
use this to create a map of concepts but see (3) below for more
on this.

2) cleaned up nlp a bit. added SentenceInfo class which consists
of a Structure class and an Insight class. this area of the code
still needs attention. this also included cleaning up intent.py
and parse_question.py. parse_sentence.py is no longer used but
is staying around for another release or two just to be safe.
also moved some stuff out into the shallow_utils.py file. this
is an initial attempt at NLU or simplistic abstract representation.

3) added first attempt at concept mapping. see file concepts.py 
for more info. not fully supported yet. no messaging but weather
skill uses it as well as the new register_intent list code in 
sva_base.py

4) added test code to test new nlu stuff and also added some old
test code into the test directory (list input devices and dump
the remote db) 

5) fixed a gnarly bug in the tts engine where interrupting the
weather skilll with the wiki skill caused a hang because it
would not grant output focus. because it was stuck in the wait
stopped method. Called init_start() from the ws_start() method
which seems to work.



NLU
----
NLU takes the output from NLP (a tree) and produces a structure and insight object.

Initially, an utterance is categorized as either a question, a command or an informational exchange. Each is parsed uniquely.

The result of this semantic parse is an object with the following attributes.

type - 'question', 'command', 'information', 'media', 'oob', 'unknown'
noun - a list
proper nouns - a list
np - a tree
verb - a list
vp - a tree
subject - a list
dependent a list
plurality - 'singular' or 'plural'
tense - past, present, future
value - value if any
qword - question
qaux - question aux

The above is the insight object, the structure object includes things like parse tree, shallow pattern, normalized sentence, etc


